with a professional record of this he
wins from 18 contests pain inside the
distance of waning at 11 so four and a
half pound he's the reigning South
African middleweight champion and
Challenger for the title
ladies and gentlemen Mark Turner on
and his opponent in the blue corner the
Navy shorts he comes from Leicester
England with a great record of 41 wins
from 44 contexts 31 inside the distance
away Lee and he'll every stone five and
a quarter pound when you welcome please
the reigning WBO middleweight champion
of the world
hi
ladies 712 three minutes and I thank you
all
well the thing about this now we're not
sure what the South Africans got it's
the first time we fought outside of
South Africa and that's the referee
there Bobby Gonzales from Texas through
his 9th world championship and as he
came into the ring there Chris product
well I tell you it looked like back in
example ad ages fun of himself in the
trim shape new kit the whole thing is
it's really becoming champion and I
thought he definitely deserved it
against under Stalin Bay and mostly for
Kalin both won the best fighters around
and he fought really well at night so
now let's see what 24 year-old mark
Cameron's got comes out of Cape Town is
a gymnasium instructor
another word from South Africa Gimli
magazine judge over there is very good
but blurred was telling me that this was
given you good rumble but I said well I
think you know on record surely forty
four five clients going to be so much of
advanced he said no you know that's such
as possible with a well the fact that
he's tall vampire in a longer reach and
he looks after the control box that he
hasn't taken any chances and the first
minute year hasn't done anything
reckless the elbows down his chin down
in his hands like we're just trying to
make other the angel of his left hand so
it looks a fairly careful type so if
he's careful is strong and peppered and
he certainly you can give players some
problems but the you have to thank Pyatt
is there a better all-round Fator
that left job of Commons it keeps poking
out and it's difficult to guess one of
those jobs difficult to get past when he
stole a handsome County to that part
tended to a doctor protectors when he
went up from light middleweight Levin
stone to present weight denied line
living five and a quarter maybe a bit
more difficult and knock people over and
I've got a changeable work I think he's
done that quite successfully morning
very explosive country earlier to clean
these another day's Pyatt whoops his
donkey from body up the head very well
put them together well he doesn't want
it standoff harness all of the fuck
right yes those all out multicam on we
doesn't want to spend too long in this
fate they're standing off this fella
looks very welcome
that's out a very wide Spencer server
could bankers himself a bit to the
camera
don't you say parts having a bit of a
look at you
explosive punches now the fellas rested
in there no he's challenging
the fellas sound
consider the month but no right on the
Bell they're quite right the referee can
carry on counting to ignore the Bell
well it's got to be a shock like that
but he didn't look about the final Jim
I've been stopped on protaras on
previous occasions obviously but I mean
it just tickled him with the first right
and then immediately afterwards yeah one
went in I saw the phosphate hand was
about that love of more than a tech like
that has fund employer for the second
one was definitely finish up a couple of
good punches low reihan just give
chicken and Sarah Mike you'll can't bang
on the chin the fuzz when a decent
little sharp short abs are beautiful so
you in effect on his legs but but other
chance buying anyway by half DC reg more
stressful ease after the bell has rung
up the boxer reaches his feet more
stressful ease would let it continue me
I wonder for this but he doesn't hear
the bell
yeah okay take a camera shaking allow
one sound with our
and often sleep ugly hot when a guys
keep speedy vacations as possible this
point that if we didn't hear the bell
because the five become garthe of his
own accord and there was end of their
own I mean the Kenda leader the full
minute between loans they could have the
cover so wonderful punch that knocked
over one supplies are therefore he
stepped and a wonderful billion Adele
Nina comes again they so rate Vantage em
up steps then was that buying buy one
the canals ashika yeah wasn't a tickle
okay an official yep well it's too good
shot
it was a tickle by part standardized of
trouble would say that well he really
really looking forward now the defended
again getting hold of some good money I
mean at the end of the background by
fire